Update changelog (#2485)
hashicorp/boundary: CHANGELOG.md

## Next

> ## 0.11.0 (2022/09/19)

Reviewer: just noticed this date will need to change, I believe we are hard fixed on the 0.11.0 release date so it should be safe to add here, but maybe confirm with @sswati0  or @prsekar

## Next

## 0.11.0 (2022/09/19)

### Bug Fixes

* Fix bug preventing delete of org ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2465))
* Show user warning log when token period is less than jobRunInterval ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2446))

> * Return an error for vault tokens that will expire before the scheduler can run ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2444))

Reviewer: I am not sure either of these need to be in the changelog

Author: thanks!

Reviewer: Hmm I did a multi select but it does not seem to be rendering, this comment was talking about the last two entries 

```
* Show user warning log when token period is less than jobRunInterval ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2446))
* Return an error for vault tokens that will expire before the scheduler can run ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2444))
```

  [PR2](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2387))
* workers: Return the worker Boundary binary version on worker list and read
  ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2377))
* workers: Addition of worker graceful shutdown ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2455))

> * credentials: Support json credentials ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2423))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* credentials: There is now a `json` credential type that allows submitting a generic JSON object to
  Boundary for use with credential brokering workflows. ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2423))
```

Author: ty!

* scheduler: Log details when starting scheduler ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2459))
* scheduler: Set intervals from config ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2443))

> * cli(ssh): Do not print private key if consumed

Reviewer: I wouldn't have any of these in the changelog

Author: thanks!

Reviewer: Same on multiselect, this comment is around the two scheduler entries and the cli(ssh) entry

  ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2451))

> * refactor: Eliminate gorm references in favor of go-dbw ([PR](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/pull/2386))

Reviewer: This isn't customer facing, refactors are hardly ever added to the changelog

Author: ty!
